---
layout: post
title: "Taeil Hur' CV"
---


# Taeil Hur

- Currently, independent researcher and high frequency trader


# Research Interests

- application of deep learning to topology optimization
- deep learning and its application to physics ( particularly interesed in the correspondence between deep neural network and renormalization group flow )
- appplication of reinforcement learning to real world problems and high frequency financial data analysis


# Education

 - Mar. 2003 - Jan. 2009, Ph.D. in Physics, KAIST, Korea
 - Mar. 2001 - Feb. 2003, M.S. in Physics, KAIST, Korea
 - Mar. 1996 - Feb. 2001, B.S. in Physics, KAIST, Korea ( Minored in Electrical Engineering )
 - Mar. 1994 - Feb. 1996, Gyeongnam Science High School, Korea 


# Work Experience

- Aug. 2013 - Feb. 2017, Quant Trader, Leader of "System Trading Team" in Shinhan Ivnestment Corp., Seoul
- Jun. 2011 - Jul. 2013, Quant Trader in Mirae Asset Securities, Seoul
- Nov. 2010 - May. 2011, Quant Strategist in R-square INC, Seoul
- Apr. 2009 - Oct. 2010, Quant and Hedge Trader in Hanwha securities, Seoul


# Contest Awards
- 19th place in NIPS 2017 "learning to run" challenge
- Special Prize in National Undergraduate Mathematics Competition,
The Korean Mathematics Society, 1999.
- Encouragement Prize (4~8th Place) in National Undergraduate Mathematics Competition,
The Korean Mathematics Society, 2000.


# Skills
## Full Stack High Frequency Trading Developer/Quant/Trader
- Knowledge of trading hardwares and their tuning for low latency usage
- Ability to develop high frequency trading sorfware platform from scratch  
- Ablilty to analyse high frequency financial data
- Strong knowledge in financial engineering and financial derivitives

## Machine Learning Researcher

- Strong statistics and physics background
- Expert knowledge of machine learning and deep neural network, especiallily generative adversarial network (GAN) with CNN, and reinforcemnet learning. 
- Experience using machine learning tools such as TensorFlow, Pytorch and Keras  
- Experience using parallel cluster for large scale learning in NIPS 2017 "learn to run" challenge
- Expert programming skills on various programming languages ( C/C++, C#, Java, Rust, Python etc. )
 
 
# Publications
 [google scholar citations](https://scholar.google.co.kr/citations?hl=ko&user=Lraw4C8AAAAJ)

## High Energy Physics
- Scale Invariant Extension of the Standard Model with a Strongly Interacting Hidden Sector  
T Hur, P Ko
Physical review letters 106 (14), 141802

- Supersymmetric U (1)′ model with multiple dark matters  
T Hur, HS Lee, S Nasri  
Physical Review D 77 (1), 015008

- Electroweak symmetry breaking and cold dark matter from strongly interacting hidden sector  
T Hur, DW Jung, P Ko, JY Lee  
Physics Letters B 696 (3), 262-265

- Antisymmetric rank-2 tensor unparticle physics  
T Hur, P Ko, XH Wu  
Physical Review D 76 (9), 096008

- Common gauge origin of discrete symmetries in observable sector and hidden sector  
T Hur, HS Lee, C Luhn  
Journal of High Energy Physics 2009 (01), 081

- Neutral scalar Higgs bosons in the USSM at the LHC  
SW Ham, T Hur, P Ko, SK Oh  
Journal of Physics G: Nuclear and Particle Physics 35 (9), 095007

## Machine Learning 
- Deep learning for topology optimization design  
Y Yu, T Hur, J Jung  
arXiv preprint arXiv:1801.05463
( submitted to Structural and Multidisciplinary Optimization )

### Conerence papers
-  
- 
- 
- 




